Adding DataONE to integrations.rst (#10192)
IQSS/dataverse: doc/sphinx-guides/source/admin/integrations.rst

`Geodisy <https://researchdata.library.ubc.ca/find/geodisy>`_ will take your Dataverse installation’s data, search for geospatial metadata and files, and copy them to a new system that allows for visual searching. Your original data and search methods are untouched; you have the benefit of both. For more information, please refer to `Geodisy's GitHub Repository. <https://github.com/ubc-library/geodisy>`_

DataONE
+++++++

> `DataONE <https://dataone.org/>`_ is a community driven program providing access to data across multiple `member repositories <https://www.dataone.org/network/>`_, supporting enhanced search and discovery of Earth and environmental data. Membership is free and is most easily achieved by providing schema.org data via `science-on-schema.org <https://science-on-schema.org>`_ metadata markup on dataset landing pages, support for which is native in Dataverse. Learn more about joining the network `here <https://www.dataone.org/jointhenetwork/>`_.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`DataONE <https://dataone.org/>`_ is a community driven program providing access to data across multiple `member repositories <https://www.dataone.org/network/>`_, supporting enhanced search and discovery of Earth and environmental data. Membership is free and is most easily achieved by providing schema.org data via `science-on-schema.org <https://science-on-schema.org>`_ metadata markup on dataset landing pages, support for which is native in Dataverse. Dataverse installations are welcome `join the network <https://www.dataone.org/jointhenetwork/>`_ to have their datasets included.
```

This is a great write up as-is but the suggestion above is intended to make it a little more clear to someone running Dataverse that they are welcome to join and why. I'm not sure what the best wording would be! 😅
